# hello-world


My name is Jamarce, i'm currently 29 years old. I'm a young african-american male who is eager to step into the world of magic, known as game/software development/engineering. I have begun my first startup indie company, Avdent Apollo Stuidos, inspired by the roots i've lost and rediscovered. My goal is to make a 2d/2.5d MMORPG that is both engaging and fun with a host of fun and unique ideas i've been wanting to bring into fruition. Despite many stating that starting out making an mmorpg as my first project being either a bad idea, as it usually considered taboo for new game/software developers, i'm doing it anyway. Why? Because its my dream to do so and i want to prove that it can be done. I'm willing to invest my time, creativty, passion, and focus into seeing this through to the end. I was inspired by several gentlemen i still look up to, to this very day. Aside from my Heavenly Father, 2 that stand out the most are my Uncle Joseph Newman, who is a very intelligent man currently working in cyber security(White Hat Hacker). Game Developer Jason Ely aka Lothgar has been a huge inspiration also, as he was owner/founder and lead developer of my first true MMORPG, DRANSIK.  Many others have inspired me to go forth, carrying my dreams and many others along the way. I will be searching for other people to assist me in the creation of this dream world. Perhaps you who took the time to read this will be apart of this "dream team" so to speak. With that said i'm moving on to the next part.
